hey it's steve i'm here with 48 Garcia
or a what apartment are you in charge of
public facilities and what is going on
here today well today we've got our
pavement program in progress you know
over the last couple of years we've
bought into newer technology something
that we feel is going to pay a bigger
dividend to our citizens and you know we
really want to make sure that we're
delivering an efficient process to the
citizens of the city of Bridgeport at a
cost that you know makes sense for
everyone now this is a brand new
procedure tongue tell me a little bit
about it because it's just you're doing
a road in one day so typically will take
us about a week to do a road with the
typical mill and Phil where we mill the
road down and we have to truck the
millings and then we've got a truck into
ashphalt this is um asphalt recycling
it's a greener technology pretty much
you're doing everything in one day
you're coming in with a three tandem
trucks you're heating up the asphalt you
know you're gonna you're gonna break it
you're gonna put in a failing box it's
going to go right back down you're going
to roll it and you can drive right over
the road once that's done the second
piece of the processes we seal it with a
product called micro seal and then
essentially you have a brand new road at
a fraction of the cost with a typically
would cost to do a miller fill now
you're this is the biggest paving job in
history will tell me a little bit this
is one of the largest paving programs in
a history of city bridgeport we're doing
30 miles the city of Bridgeport has a
little bit shy of 300 miles so you know
this is an aggressive program this is um
picking up for more we left off last
year last year we focused on all the
entryways to the city of Bridgeport this
this year we're focusing on main
thoroughfares making sure that you know
a park avenue that leads to the jewel
seaside park is pristine in larger
roadways where we get a lot of traffic
are where they need to be you know we
want to make sure that when someone
visits the city of Bridgeport that
they're not hitting potholes you know
this winter was one of the worst winters
and Bobby Kennedy my deputy my
right-hand man who has who has been with
the with the folly worth Department for
30 years can tell you last year was one
of the worst winters when it comes to
what it did to our roadways it caused
havoc and you know
we usually take a bit of a breather
after the winter this year we did it
it's been non-stop operation the guys
have been working 12 hours you know we
put in a lot of time to stabilize the
rules but now it's time to get these
roads to where they need to be and we're
going to continue that process it's just
the wave of the future do you see more
companies doing it what a minute II one
thing I can't say these guys to tell you
we've got a brother in from mass DPW
folks from Massachusetts that are down
that are going to take a look at the
process and everyone trumbull was here
earlier we're doing a project alongside
strafford everyone's trying to see the
value of this then with all of this you
know the leadership of Mayor Finch has
been tremendous you know he allows me as
a director public facilities to go ahead
and do something like this you know
because it you know for for a city like
this it's easy to stick to the tried and
true for good or bad you know put the
mayor he believes in what we do and he
allows us to take a shop and try new
processes like this and think outside
the box and that means a lot to us well
this is Steve had brought bridge avenue
for doing a local comm